docs: cdl-cli basic usage and schema-repo interaction (#89)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: docs/schema_registry.md

### Technical Description

> Schema registry (also, `SR` for short) is responsible for storing configuration about the data types handled by CDL. It is a persistent graph database, that can be queried via grpc (other means of interaction are in progress). Currently there is no GUI nor TUI. User interaction consist of internal tool [CDL-cli][CDL-cli]. There is also basic replication ability built-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Schema Registry (`SR` for short) is responsible for storing configuration about the data types handled by CDL. It is a persistent graph database, that can be queried via gRPC (other means of interaction are in progress). Currently there is no GUI nor TUI; user interaction is currently performed with the [CDL-CLI][CDL-CLI]. Replication across multiple instances of the Schema Registry is supported.
```

> Schema Registy (also, `SR` for short) is responible for storing configuration about the data types handled by CDL. Schema Registry is a persistant graph database, that can be interfaced via grpc (other means of interaction are in progresss). Currently there is no GUI nor TUI. User interaction consist of internal tool [CDL-cli][CDL-cli]. There are also basic replication ability built-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Schema registry (also, `SR` for short) is responsible for storing configuration about the data types handled by CDL. It is a persistent graph database, that can be queried via grpc (other means of interaction are in progress). Currently there is no GUI nor TUI. User interaction consist of internal tool [CDL-cli][CDL-cli]. There is also basic replication ability built-in.
```

Interacts with:

> - nothing on its own

Reviewer 2: Technically it checks if passed kafka topic exists. Not sure if we should mention it here as it's not a cdl service.

Author: i am leaving it out then?

See an example [configuration][configuration] of deployment of data router and other services.

[configuration]: ../examples/deploy/SETUP.md

> [CDL-cli]: CDL-cli.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CDL-CLI]: CDL-CLI.md
```
